1841 7/20/25
On the bus with Mom right now. We talked about eating healthy and Collin and Abby and heo great it was to see each other. I'm happy she came - very happy. I needed her here for a bit to distract me. I had a great weekend with her. I think I logged Fogarty's so after that we warched some TV and fell asleep pretty soon after that. This morning Fitz went to go see a house and then continued to his parents, so we said goodbye. Mom and I went to target, did some house chores like the trash and some weeding and laundry. And after a rush to get my prescription and get to the bus we're here on our way to the airport. I'm scared, but I'm happy. It's time to start thinking about how I'm going to log my life in AI and how to proceed once I get treatment options for the third round of cancer. 

1033 7/23/24
I've done a pretty bad job of updating this, but I'll fill in what I remember. Got to Ryan and Sarah's place, it felt like their old Boston apartment. We had Thai food and caught up for a bit. Unfortunately, we went to bed late and woke up early for our flight like midnight to 4am sleep and then ubered to the airport. I had problems with security since the family before me had ALL of their bags checked at security and I had the blades in my safety razor (I threw out the razor, sad, I've had it for years ever since KP). Then we got on our first flight which was an easy 45 minutes. The next flight from JFK was also easy, we met some of the other people going to the wedding, Kiana, Jesus, and Dafney. I just played the minish cap all four hours. After that was a scramble to the ferry from st. Thomas to st. John where we saw Alex. After the ferry we met up with Steve and Syd. I finally met Syd and was deemed "the awkward one." After we got our rental car, we went up to the place and promptly went to the grocery store. Later that night we met everyone through a series of ice breakers and it was actually pretty helpful.

1118 7/23/24
... I had to get ready for going to the beach so I'm continuing to journal in the car ride there. So I got to learn the relationships of almost everyone at the wedding and it interesting that Syd brought one friend and Steve brought 3 friends including me and Ryan, so I made the cut! Meanwhile the rest is family. I went to bed and overheard while sleeping everyone calling me cute of Ryan, Steve, Sarah and Syd haha and then Syd brought me a blanket since I passed out on the couch downstairs. The next day, we went to the sugar plantation (I forget the name but it started with an A) and explored. A tour guide there had us try coconut and sugar cane and Steve got us a bunch of the "nuts" that you crack open and suck like a jolly rancher like a sour candy. Then we got lunch at "surf club cantina" (the only reason I remember that is because I just looked at the receipt that I used to pay Steve). Very good fish tacos. After that was the snorkeling trip where for half the day we went to two places and tried to see the sea life. Very fun, but I was pooped after the first go and wanted to take a break before the second time. Unfortunately, Dave, (Syd, Emma, and Justin's, dad) talked to me for over an hour, so I lost out on going back out. Not too Csad, but I would have rather spread out my experience if that makes sense. After that we got back and hung out before going out to the respective bachelor and bachelorette parties. We went to a place where I got the best root beer ever, then a place with Caribbean food and very good cocktails, and then one other place with fancy cocktails that I didn't get. We talked about a lot of stuff. Lots of updates, and old girl stories, it was fun. We got back to he place with the girls and hung around for a while where they smoked cigarillos (I took one puff) and then soon retired. This morning. I read a little and ate breakfast with everyone and then we started heading to the beach. Cancer has been on my mind, but not too much. Good distractions, that is. Still not thrilled though. But I am having fun. Okay Maho beach time now!

1420 7/24/24
Maho beach was fun. I read a bunch and paddle boarded for the first time. I honestly liked it so much, I might have to buy one. We also played some

1546 7/25/24
I didn't get far into that update. Let me pick up where I left off: ...we played some catch with their water ball thing that bounces. Paddle boarding was cool though I fell twice because the first time I tried adjusting and the second time I moved to see a turtle surface. Anyway. After the beach, I met Charlie. He's actually another friend of Steve's at the wedding, he's a copy of Ryan and I. Super cool, interesting background. We got ready for the cruise on the awesome boat that the other mariners, including Charlie, were geeking out about. I learned that Charlie is similar and different from me in a bunch of ways. Very charismatic guy who went to a liberal arts school for mechanical engineering because that was he could learn engineering but widen his approach to jobs (since he didn't want to be a mechanical engineer). He's more of a city person to keep it short. Anyway the food on the cruise was pretty good and just chilling seeing the sights around the island was awesome. Steve's uncle Paul was there, but I talked more to his wife actually. We made our way back to Sunset Vista where we stayed. It was some games with Jesus like Coup and Mantis (the one that punches) both fun and then the rest of the night was Ryan, Charlie, Jesus, Daphne, and I listening to music and having fun with Jesus. The next day was the wedding. I was chilling most of the morning, and then once the wedding party came to rehearse, I was quickly recruited since Charlie was busy to handle music. I learned pretty fast what they wanted me to do and helped them out. Afterwards, Ryan, Sarah, and I went into town for some shopping for a card for Steve and some stickers. We also got a smoothie that was actually pretty good. After we got back, I noticed that my lymph node was bigger than before, so Sarah checked it out and told me what she could. I ignored it for the wedding. We got ready by ironing everything and then getting dressed. We hung out until Syd was ready and then proceeded with the ceremony. The music went well if I do say so myself. And obviously the ceremony was awesome. Syd's vows were awesome and Steve's were touching (which isn't his style). Afterwards, I was in the wedding photos and we soon left for dinner. Dinner was awesome. I learned more about Charlie with his back injury and his dad's unfortunate throat cancer. I had Confit duck, gnocchi with sausage, and a ribeye with potatoes and asparagus. All excellent. It was good conversation and everything. Had a great time. After a three hour meal that was excellently paced, we headed back and I noticed the lymph node got bigger (could be a good sign). I missed the dances, but went up in time for the speeches. Jesus had a good one for Steve and the other three were for Syd. I wanted to talk, but I didn't need my words heard by everyone so I just told Steve that I don't see his live often - thinking of Sam/Meredith, Dcar/Haley, Aaron/Marissa. It's sad, but when you see that your friend no longer needs his friends, then they have something special (but a good friend keeps the friendships he/she made). Afterwards, I had desert, heard a story about Jesus getting his finger stuck in a gas filler on a car, then we played spoons. That was pretty fun, but I'm not good at it. We listened to music then eventually made our way to dumb YouTube videos stemming from bad lip reading's "Seagulls (Stop it now)". The night ended shortly afterwards. We all went to bed and woke up this morning. I had breakfast, and got in an interesting conversation with Steve. He uses AI A LOT. It was interesting to see where he used it and what he learned about it. I want to learn more, so that's something I plan to pursue in the very near future. I used ChatGPT to help me get started on what to study and also to start making a repository for the notes I've been taking about myself and my plans/ambitions. I have a lofty goal of imprinting my mind as much as I can in some kind of software, so I have to get started soon. If it doesn't happen, I'll be a little disappointed mostly because I want this not for me, but for the people I care about. If I can't do this project, before I go, I want to imprint my brain on my close relationships by saying the right thing  at the right time. I'm going to leave to be impressionable in parallel. Anyway after that, we decided to do a hike and go to the beach. Thank God I packed what I did. Steve needed my blister stuff and then we went for a difficult 3 mile hike with 1000ft elevation gain and infinite humidity. I was struggling. But I made it and now we're at the beach. Lot of talking with Ryan and Charlie along the way of the hike to now. I like these guys. I think Charlie will also be a resource for a potential job at Catapiler. 
